Add ability to load a default config for a user (#9)
mrlacey/WarnAboutTodos: README.md

### Simple configuration

This can be overridden by including an `AdditionalFile` in the project called **todo-warn.config**.
If this file exists, warnings will only be reported for comments that start with any of the non-blank lines in that file.  

A **todo-warn.config** file can also be specified in your user's

> [ApplicationData](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.environment.specialfolder?view=netframework-4.8&viewFallbackFrom=netstandard-1.3) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ApplicationData](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.environment.specialfolder?view=netstandard-2.0) directory. (You can get to this by entering `%appdata%` in the File Explorer address bar.)
```
